drop *

keepmatch run_period

# RECO
keepmatch Lepton_pdgId
keepmatch Lepton_electronIdx
keepmatch Lepton_muonIdx
keepmatch Lepton_pt
keepmatch Lepton_eta
keepmatch Lepton_phi

keepmatch Muon_phi
keepmatch Muon_pt
keepmatch Muon_eta
keepmatch Muon_mvaTTH
keepmatch Muon_charge
keepmatch Muon_jetIdx
keepmatch Muon_pdgId
keepmatch Muon_tightCharge
#keepmatch Muon_looseId
#keepmatch Muon_mediumId
#keepmatch Muon_mediumPromptId
keepmatch Muon_genPartIdx
keepmatch Muon_genPartFlav

keepmatch Electron_eta
keepmatch Electron_phi
keepmatch Electron_pt
keepmatch Electron_mvaTTH
keepmatch Electron_jetIdx
keepmatch Electron_pdgId

keepmatch CleanJet_jetIdx
keepmatch CleanJet_pt
keepmatch CleanJet_eta
keepmatch CleanJet_phi

#keepmatch Jet_btagDeepB
#keepmatch Jet_btagSF_shape
#keepmatch Jet_pt
#keepmatch Jet_eta
#keepmatch Jet_phi
#keepmatch Jet_puId
#keepmatch Jet_jetId
#keepmatch Jet_genJetIdx
keepmatch nLepton
keepmatch nCleanJet
keepmatch nMuon
keepmatch nElectron
